hi this is the Jew Tonio spirit
three-wheeler first of all I'll start
with the tires they are air chamber
filled tires we have a large shopping
basket stiff to reflect your lights on
the chassis and at the front then we
move right here to the foot brick which
is just underneath the shopping basket
that black lever press down to put the
brake on press up to lift up there's
also an extra safety feature at the top
of the chassis here a hand brick moving
on to the carry cot there is a large
black button inside if you press in
there the hood will come up and join
click the Carey Codd off press down on
this gray button and the CM one on the
other side and lift to insert the maxi
Cosi course page pull the adapters which
are attached to the chassis up towards
you and insert the car seat until it
clicks
to remove the car seat these two grey
buttons here on the inside press at the
same time and the lift to fold the
Teutonia
make sure the adapters are folded back
down you're then lifting these two black
buttons and pulling them towards your
body so lift and you'll see with the
chassis bricks and just let it fall down
to bring it back up pull the handle bar
towards you use your foot and kick the
chassis out the next stage then is the
seat unit when the Charles order which
pops on the chassis like so listen for
the double click the seat unit itself is
UV 50 waterproof with a five-point
harness and a two-stage fix drill which
just comes off and die like so the head
is also retractable
and the Teutonia state will also fully
recline for you and that is the Shoshone
a spirit three-wheeler